if I call you a fat cat
it means I'm being impolite and it's
because you're rich and powerful
maybe I resent that if you're a scaredy
cat you're scared of things you're
scared of everything if you're the cat's
whiskers or tell people that you're a
cat's whiskers or think that you're the
cat's whiskers you think that you're
better than everybody else if the cat's
got your tongue it means you're refusing
to speak cat got your tongue you're not
saying anything you're not speaking if I
say curiosity killed the cat
I'm warning you that sometimes it's
better not to investigate too much
because you may not find exactly what
you like if I say you've not a cat in
Hell's chance you haven't got a cat in
Hell's chance it means there's no chance
whatsoever if I let the cat out of the
bag
it means I'm giving away a secret
accidentally if I say look what the
cat's dragged in it means that someone
has arrived unexpectedly it's a humorous
and light-hearted expression a less
humorous and less lighthearted
expression is to say to someone that you
look like something the cat dragged in
this means that the person looks untidy
and unkempt if I say not enough room to
swing a cat that means that the place
we're in is very small this room small
there's not enough room to swing a cat
when the cat's away is an expression we
use which is really half an expression
the fullen expression is when the cat's
away the mice will play this means that
when the boss isn't around the workers
will tend to do what they want
maybe not the work they're supposed to
be doing
you